in prime time tomorrow night we have a
much anticipated event here on ABC The
Little Mermaid live this is a live
musical the stars include Queen Latifah
John Stamos Shaggy and none other than
our very own Guillermo has been in the
live Little Mermaid which is a great
idea because he can't dance act or sing
either he doesn't even know how to swim
he's been rehearsing all day and let's
go to him now he is on the Disney lot in
Burbank and Guillermo tell us who is
there with you right now
I'm Jackie John's table Jimmy Shaggy and
John Stamos John this has got to be a
dream come true for you because John if
you don't know is one of those adults
who loves Disney far far too much right
it's like it's like a wet dream really
your son Kevin said you went last week
so well listen I I went with a little
child and it wasn't last week is about
three months ago but I don't want to
fight with you John we're here to
celebrate this outfit you're in Shaggy
how did you get mixed up in this
already we're looking for a crab it's a
crowded job you know your your crab
costume looks a little bit like Eddie
Murphy's delirious Guillermo what are
you dressed as what is that I'm a
Blowfish Jimmy oh yeah all right well
now guys let me ask you guys know how to
do this kind of stuff if Guillermo were
to forget his dear buddy have lines no
no lines okay if Guillermo that's a good
idea
if you were to forget his choreography
live what should he do do like us what
do you what would you do shagging just
make it up okay just make it up let's
make it up man you're not gonna forget
are you camera what happened you meet
don't worry I'm gonna happen
don't worry ocassional Oh our hootie and
the blowfish here tomorrow night is that
yeah yeah yeah mo come like that
tomorrow
awesome alright alright alright okay
guys well good luck to you break legs
and all that stuff you can see John
Stamos Shaggy and Guillermo live
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock here on ABC
they're going to regret that first 100%
your congratulations on making it to the
end of the YouTube video why not
celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it